
# An 8bit game

 The game is 8 bit . The story is a man with a gun trying to save a princess. It will take place in a tower with 10 floors. each floor will have 8 rooms. Each floor will have a certain theme. In the rooms players will have to shoot monsters related to the theme. on the 8th room is a boss that you will have to kill. after you defeat the boss of the tenth floor you will meet the princess and the game is over. You have to finish killing all the monsters in one room before going to the next room. The man has ten lives the monsters will move around trying to touch him. If the monsters suceed touching the man he will lose a life. If the man loses all ten lives he have to restart the floor with ten lives. One heart will come every time you finish a room you have to press select right next to the heart to get the heart. A heart will restore a life. Once the man finish a floor the number of lives will restart to ten. The number of lives is displayed on the top left corner of the screen. The bosses can shoot you and move around you. There is 3-5 monsters in each room exept the 8th room. It takes one hit to kill a monster. It takes ten hits to kill a boss. The number of hit the man still needs to kill the boss is shown on the top right corner of the screen. Players can choose between a hard normal and easy mode. Controls for selecting and shooting is space bar and mouse. controls for moving is w or up arrow for move up a or left arrow for going left s or down arrow for going down and d or right arrow for going right. Also include pixel sprites and sound effects 

The game is reminicent of the first legend of zelda game